GraphQL: Deprecate id attributes in favor of uids (#8273)
magento/devdocs: src/_includes/graphql/category-filter-input.md

Attribute | Data type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`category_uid` | FilterEqualTypeInput | Filters by the unique ID of a category for objects that implement `CategoryInterface`

> `ids` | FilterEqualTypeInput | Deprecated. Use `category_uid` insteadFilters by the specified category IDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ids` | FilterEqualTypeInput | Deprecated. Use `category_uid` instead. Filters by the specified category IDs
```
